here is clear from pocketpc.ch and today
I would like once the bowers & wilkins
p7 headphones imagine these are the
headphones we in this packaging
he just might like me once
and then you can see what else you have
or have packed the head arabic
it already test taken out but they
Just come, so to speak, a little
watch unboxing from the headphones
This packaging is really
High quality land of this cardboard acts
very high quality that is now from the browser
wilkens but we also get used to it
do not have an insert here
plastic it acts a situation in fabric
spans the already high-quality effect
like the whole device of course then
we have a small bag
supplied and in this bag there
it still different accessories and indeed
Of course we have the headphones
Danish had then we have to
universal audio cable that's the whole
but the cables without the apple
Remote control then of course have one
audio cable with the remote control the
straight to the bus and really p7
attached is we have one more
adapter from 35 mm jack to 65 63 mm
click the case here as I said and still
a lot of documents but that
most important, of course, is the headphones
Down headphones is this one here
we have nothing brand could crooked down
here we see the right and left
have the headphones of bowers & wilkins
p7 the headphone itself is an over you
your headphones we can see that is
he concludes here euro had to be complete
on
that of course ensures that yes of
the outside world does not hear so much anymore
that 's a much better sound experience
the technical features of the breaks
are happy p7 that a dynamic
It was called a membrane with nylon
dampen
there is slight tc rw a slight caw
Voice coil the replaceable double
chamber orchestra with memory foam the
is this one that means you can do that
exchange there
the whole thing is a special dam
padding here
that means you really hear from the outside
little if the whole sits down a lot
well done there is a change of subject
santos cable just showed up and
foldable is therefore adjustable
Kopfbügel see the phone here is the
Foldable are under adjustable
Mechanism is really high quality here
as you can see you can do that
headphones look at your size
to adjust
you can fold it all over
This hinge really works
really really good
that's how you can see oversee him
headphones the chances are two each
times the millimeter size impedance
22 above the frequency range goes from 10
hertz to 20 kilohertz the maximum the
maximum utilization is 50 milliwatts
otherwise the cable length is 12 meters
Of course this is smartphone for us
very good
you can here of course,
the headphones on the head, so to speak
put that at normal sized people
Of course you can then the headphones
the cables under the sweater long
put in the bag by the now
one of them 80 major works for me
all without problems and at 1
meter 90 or 95, this should not be
give problems
under head 21 90 grams the course for
some people never on ear
headphones have a lot
Personally, I am also a human being
yes has a ear in earphones because of this
size just limits me somehow
to sport while running or something like that
must also say the sound experience
simple on ear headphones
better than pioneer headphones
The remote control is included
runs as i said only on ios devices
but we also have a cable without
Remote control if you do not mind the whole thing
would like to have
to say that for workmanship that's it
and or the bowers & wilkins are p7
so high quality processed
everything from bowers & wilkins
that was once sp 7
yes this year the c5 this in ear
I already have headphones and the zeppelin
have tested are absolutely high quality
processed here, too, the g7 absolutely
high quality that is the materials
are very good
it is well thought out
no open seams you do not see that
he was euthanized or something like that
very very well processed the whole
Politics anyway gets very high
So it must admit the wearing comfort is
really good
So I have other on ear
headphones had disturbed me
after some time here i can do that
Place the whole and I after some
time I do not notice that claudia
headphones on and that's really great
very well done that is
really real plus point sound quality
is also absolutely outstanding so me
have to say i have never had one
headphones belong to others
you have connected your smartphone
really made such a good job
Has
So what really good for all
People who like to buy beats headphones
that is modern at the moment there is love
100 euros more in my opinion
and maybe they were watching bowers
& wilkins may cost a bit
more but the performance is clear
better and more lifelike is not
somehow totally better or better
This is really very good
the performance is absolutely top that
device costs just 399 euros you have to
Also to talk about that for a headphone
Of course not so little but if
someone really sounded very good
i want to know the mouse and p7
Absolutely recommend so I'm there
your right thumbs up for the
headphone
has, if you like the video can
Of course, happy to thumb up
and subscribe on youtube or too
Thank you for your comments
watch and see you next time